[OSDOCS#7176]:Added documentation for AWS custom tags. (#66140)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-objects.adoc

|--support-role-arn string
|The ARN of the role used by Red Hat Site Reliabilty Engineers (SREs) to enable access to the cluster account to provide support.

|--tags
a|Tags that are used on resources created by {product-title} in AWS. These are comma separated, for example: "key value, foo bar".
[IMPORTANT]
====
{product-title} only supports custom tags to Red Hat OpenShift resources during cluster creation. Once added, the tags cannot be removed or edited.

> Tags that are added by Red Hat must not be removed to comply with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags that are added by Red Hat are required for clusters to stay in compliance with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs). These tags must not be removed.
```
